item.ItemYoutuberDust.name=Youtuber Dust
tile.YoutuberStone.name=Youtuber Stone
itemGroup.tabYoutuberItems=Youtuber Items
item.ItemSkyBudder.name=Sky's Budder
item.ItemSimonShovel.name=Simon's Shovel
item.ItemPatSword.name=Pat's Sword
item.ItemSjinHoe.name=Sjin's Hoe
item.ItemSipsDirt.name=Sipsco Dirt
item.ItemDirewolfPickaxe.name=Direwolf's Pickaxe
item.ItemCaptainSparkler.name=CaptainSparklez's Sparkler
item.ItemTobuscusDiamondSword.name=Tobuscus's Diamond Sword
item.ItemMunchingBrotatoPotato.name=MunchingBrotato's Potato
item.ItemThinkNoodleNoodles.name=ThinkNoodle's Noodles
item.ItemBashurMelon.name=Bashur's Melon
item.ItemEnderNoobsEnderPearl.name=Endernoob's Ender Pearl
item.ItemDanTDMGoggles.name=DanTDM's Goggles
item.ItemBodilSunglasses.name=Bodil's Sunglasses
item.ItemIHasCupquakeCupcake.name=IHasCupquake's Cupcake
item.ItemJeromeBetty.name=Jerome's Axe, Betty
item.ItemMinecraftUniverseJetpack.name=TrueMU's Jetpack
item.ItemTheAtlanticCraftTrident.name=TheAtlanticCraft's Trident